# Kevin Nguyen
# 5/7/2018
# Kwic

# For the first design titled, “My Version” I wanted to build my own structure in which it printed out how I would flip the letters and how # I would store them. I used arrays and substrings in order to move them because that is how I would do it if it were a physical task. I # # put them all into one main method because the other two methods were split into different ways of organizing them. For the first design # # that was provided each section had a method for reading a file, taking input and, writing to a file. This way was easier to see what each # part did because it was broken into sections and the methods could be read in the same class. In the second design that was provided for # us the sections were still split into different methods but in different classes. I would say that the second way, in which we split the # methods into different classes are more resilient to change. The reason being is because this method seems as though you could call on # # different pieces of the program to use what you need, as oppose to the first way where they all live in one class. In the first one if we # were to connect to a database we would have to change where the file is being read from. We would need to connect to a database. The # # # second method is the same if we wanted to connect to the database. If we wanted a graphic user interface we would need to import the # # # correct libraries in order for us to use it. Another change could be that we want to update the database instead of writing it to a file. # In order to change that we would now need to connect to a database and update the rows and tables needed. The design that is easiest for # me to understand was the one with the methods existing in the same page. The reason being is because I could see all the arrays and #  # # methods that are needed. The second way was cleaner but everything seemed more scattered. If better performing means to maintain and # # # upkeep I would say the second way, because if something breaks you would know exactly what class is doing what and where it is breaking # # at. 

